Collared Prompt List
And greentexts/concepts that I found interesting

Little Mobian sluts are the best.
>Friendly and approachable.
>Small and easy to transport.
>Low maintenance.
>No strings attached if you don't want.
>Fit cocks of any size.

>the most chaste anthro nun when she see human longship landing near her monastery

Donkeys are more stubborn than your typical horse, but they're very loyal once they like you.
For him it'll take one good sissygasm and you won't be able to get rid of him.

>Toriel has made a trade offer!
>She receives: an unlimited supply of creampies
>You receive: Fatherhood

Your get rich quick scheme was certainly quick but profitable it was not. A bounty hunter, you had the bright idea of becoming.
There was a reason the WANTED board only had human criminals, anthro trash like her wasn't even counted as a statistic when one was murdered. Sure she was part of a notorious anthro gang that had harassed people on the outskirts of town, but then there were two dozen other gangs that did the same thing. The solution to all of them was a bullet to the head, sometimes they didn't even bother to clean up the bodies.
The cops didn't laugh but they did chuckle when you tried to bring her in for a bounty. The biggest offer you got was when one of the officers offered you a donut for your troubles which you did take. In fact they'd probably fine you for littering if you let her go here.
And so there you were, holding the leash of a skimpy feline gangster in front of the police station. She shivered and blushed, her top falling off from the earlier capture and her bottom little more than denim panties. Great for riding in the desert, not so great in the much cooler city center.
The other humans didn't even bother looking your way as you dragged the once free and prideful female like a piece of walking meat. She glared but obeyed, knowing that she was powerless to object.
Turns out that not even the brothels wanted her as their human customers left many babies in their wake.
Such was the low status of anthros that it was recently judged that a sex between a human and an anthro wasn't even legally considered sex, reducing them to the same status as silicone toys.
Well... shit. You basically drove for an hour to pick up a fleshlight from the side of the road.
Still, she wasn't bad looking and considering that you had caught her yourself it's very likely she wasn't used. Maybe you'd keep her around. For now.

A society where second-class citizen anthros can easily become outlaws and subdued into little more than legal property and at most pets the moment they step barely out of line in the eyes of the law is a merciless society indeed.
I'd assume that the police would be more forthcoming in punishing these lawbreakers to dissuade copycats, but it seems that the neighborhood watch is enough to keep these young punks in line.
Now. What to do with this sexy gangster? You captured so she's pretty much your responsability now to dispose of or deal with, however you see fit.
Does she have someone waiting back at home? Bet she didn't even finish school or ever held a job.

bolt from the blue, I figured out what collared's equivelant symbol to bleached/blacked/etc that keeps coming up
A crown (because all humans are royalty to anthros) that IS a collar
boom

Second Anon here.
I think Crowns are good, I think the letter H should be used AMAP, and I like the Handprints and literal Collars.
I should probably just draw what I think would look good as tattooslop for the general DESU

>Me conforting my anthro friend's mom after she discovered he's gay (he's laying on her bed twitching with my cum on his ass).

>be gymbro who trains every other day
>get accosted by an anthro girl who said she wanted to use the weights and keeps talking shit after I walked away
>she turns out to be a martial artist and says she wants to spar
>have no clue if she's flirting or genuinely angry at me
>have the strength and weight advantages over her but no training
>agree with her to grapple only then rile her up by saying I don't like seeing cute and weak things hurt
>...

Ah, the handsome Captain of the Royal Guard, dutifully following his Princess' command and putting his body and dignity on the line for the sake of the kingdom and the people's happiness.

he knows it's best for the kingdom and his wife, knowing she deserves the kind of pleasure and satisfaction that he could never give her
but he also can't help but be eager while waiting to get his own slutty hole stuffed full of human meat

Love the popular perception of these two as two freaky love-birds who can remain deeply in love with each other while submitting themselves to the most raunchy of sex-plays for their own entretainment, while while trying to maintain the appearance of a dignified royal couple when most of the time they'd rather spend their time fucking each other's brains out, or being fucked by other people.
>Swingers who love seeing each other fuck and be fucked by other people.
>Changing gender to switch things up in their plays.
>Challenging each other to more and more risque plays without being discoevered.
>Roping in other willing and unwilling ponies and other creatures into their antics, incvluding the other princesses.
>Finding the perfect Master in their human friend and dedicating their bodies, power and magic into convincing him to join them as their Dom in their plays and other aspects of their lives.
>Eventually expanding their new Master's herd with more and more ponies and other creatures as their Love for him makes him even more powerful virile, and insatiable.

“You done hogging those weights or what?” I hear from above. It’s a vixen tapping her foot impatiently.
I, have a sip from the water bottle, lowered it slowly, annoyance flickering across my face. “Lady, I’ve got three sets left. Chill out and wait your turn.”
Kelly I think her name was. she smiled widely at me. She was a lithe fox with well manicured orange tufts and wore a blue polo shirt with jeans.
Her lips curled into a smirk. “Chill out? How about you move your ego and let someone else lift who actually has a purpose for working out rather than looking hot?” Her tone was sarcastic and the gym’s chatter seemed to hush around us.
I squared my houlders, towering over her standing up “Look, princess, the gym’s got plenty of equipment. Go find another rack and stop whining.”
The fox’s eyes narrowed, but her smirk widened, a glint of something dangerous sparking in her gaze now. “Whining, huh? Tell you what, tough guy.” She jerked her thumb toward the wrestling mats in the corner. “Let’s spar. You win, I wait. I win, you hand over those weights.”
I laughed, a short, dismissive bark. “You serious? I’m not fighting some gym psycho with a bad attitude.”
“Not fighting,” she corrected, already striding toward the mats, her steps light but purposeful. “Sparring. Unless you’re scared.” She glanced back, her challenge hanging in the air like a dare.
I hesitated, my jaw tightening. The gym’s eyes were on me now. With a grunt, I tossed my towel aside and followed her to the mats, unaware of the storm I’d just walked into sI follows the fox to a cordoned off section of the gym behind closed doors where the premium club resides…”What did i just get myself into?”
I knocked at the door of the gym’s special section and was let in by two lionesses. Taking a deep breath to calm my nerves. I heard a number of voices within and a few seconds later, the door opened. It took a lot to get
the head of the league to fight competitively outside a training environment and the prospect of fighting a man as a novelty was good enough to get her to act.
‘Hey, you made it! I hope you’re ready for this?’ she said ushering me through the door into the room.
‘I’m totally up for it!’ I replied.
It was going to be the league ringleader’s first crossover into matching the opposite sex and also their first humn wrestler to the club. Kelly had gotten a whole section of the place for herself and her friends to grapple and fight in and I half suspected the owners of the place had to have been sellinging videoof the catfighting that went down there. Regardless we had a large floor space that had been cleared and a small, five-meter square mat laid on the floor. She had set aside a smaller area for changing and stretching as well as placing chairs for everyone around three sides of the mat. I was the last to arrive, everyone else was already present, some changing into their wrestling gear. Most I recognised from Kelly’s clique.
It was so noisy as one of the lion girl squared me and kelly off and shouted for us to start. Kelly and I both hunched over and started to circle each other. She was all business now, no smiles, just determination and steady breathing through her lips. I edged forwards and she edged back, then she made a move and I edged out of the way. We were both wary having not seen each other fight. Neither of us wanted to give the first mistake.
We had to engage, and Kelly took the initiative. She hopped forwards and grabbed my wrist. My attempts to pull free were wasted and we clashed, Kelly going for a headlock, me trying to get low and grab her legs. She was successful, hooking her arm around my neck and dragging my head down to her side where she compressed it against her torso. I tried to peel her arm free as she staggered around with me in her grip. Unable to get my head out, she twisted and flung her weight to the
side, bringing us both down onto the mat in a judo-like twist, me on my back with my head still trapped in the side headlock. I looked up at her face, she was controlling her breathing and now used both arms to compress my skull. I reached up and grabbed her ears, yanking her head back painfully but failing to break the headlock. I twisted my body round, forcing myself onto my front and easing the pressure on my neck as I got to my knees. With massive effort, I pulled her head in one direction by her hair while straining my body in the opposite direction. After a few seconds, she released the hold and I was free.
I dragged her to her feet by her ears and unloaded a stiff punch into her stomach, then I followed up with a knee, using my control of her head to position her where I wanted her. I hit her again in the stomach and she sank to her knees where I was able to get behind her and snake an arm around her neck. Alive to the danger, Kelly braced her arm against mine, preventing me from choking her. Now she reached behind for my hand and started trying to tear my hand away from her with bending back fingers. We swayed left and right as we each tried to gain control, but I had the advantage being on my feet with her on her knees but i wasn't going to lose a hand for this. Releasing her quickly, I hooked my left arm around her left arm, dragging it behind her and leaving her only one arm to fight my chokehold. Before she could react further, I pitched her sharply to the side and pushed her down onto the mat. Marinating control of her left arm, I mounted her back and concentrated on my one arm choke. I could feel Kelly’s neck muscles tight in the crook of my choking arm while she tried to peel it away with her one remaining hand. Squirming beneath me I kept her tightly pressed into the mat and tried to change my left arm hook into a hammerlock. She was slippery, not only with silky fur but tactically as well. I couldn’t transition to holding her wrist
without giving her the opportunity to use her arm again. I decided not to try and dragged her left arm across her back and braced against my leg, rendering the limb useless to her.
The pressure from my choke was starting to get through. Kelly started wheezing and I could feel her swallowing with effort as she fought against the choke. Now I was slowly compressing her throat despite her best efforts. I knew I only had to hang on here, and she would have to submit soon. Kelly rocked her body from side to side but my weight on her back was enough to keep her in place. Come on, I thought, give up!
Kelly gave up fighting the chokehold with her free hand and instead, planted the hand on the floor and…to my horror, levered her upper body off the mat! Damn she was so fucking strong! I cranked on the chokehold, pulling her up and bowing her back but I could already feel my grip on her neck slipping. Now she twisted violently, getting sideways and slipping the chokehold. The violent movement made me lose my balance and she bucked me off to the side. The crowd were going wild.
Kelly rolled with me and scrambled to her knees, diving at me before I could even think and landing on me crossbody on my back. I found my left arm scissored between those monster thighs and she took control of my right arm with both of hers. Driving her knees into the floor, she flipped us over, trapping me on my back in a crucifix hold with my head resting back on her stomach, unable to use my arms and leaving my legs free to kick about uselessly. Kelly straightening her legs and arched her back pull my arms out wide. Balling my fists, I tried to resist but against her mastery, it was less than useless. I twisted my hips, turning towards her upper body and trying to pull my arm out from her legs, but that was even more impossible. Her thighs clamped on my bicep like a vice, threatening to literally slice my arm off with sheer power. It hurt, but not enough to make me submit and she
had no pin from this angle. I was trapped, but her offensive options were limited…or so I thought.
She tucked my right arm under her armpit, freeing one of her arms which she proceeded to use to elbow my chest and stomach. Loud sounds of clapping flesh sounded out as she struck me all over my torso while I squirmed in her grip. She was smiling now, laughing as she heaved herself into a sitting position. She crossed her legs and bent them at the knee, further securing my already totally trapped left arm. Now sitting almost upright, she added power to her strikes as I tried to twist clear. She kept hitting and now punching me all over my upper body, and I was powerless to protect myself. After another minute, she switched tactic, pinching my nipples violently and forcing me to cry out in pain as she clamped, pulled and twisted at the sensitive flesh. Switching nipples every twenty seconds or so, she had me writhing in her grip as she tortured me non-stop.
‘Give up and I’ll stop!’ she invited, once again twisting and pulling on my right nipple.
I shook my head, determined to ride out the pain.
‘You are a tough little guy!’ she joked, switching nipples again digging her nails in.
I gritted my teeth and held on. I had given up trying to free my arms, but I wasn’t going to submit to a fucking nipple twister, I had far too much pride for that.
Kelly kept it up for another minute before returning to beating my sides and stomach. It took another minute and some murmurs from the crowd before she realised that she couldn’t force a submission like that.
Kelly sighed, ‘Ok, roll over!’ she commanded, twisting her body, still holding my arms captive. Awkwardly, and slightly painfully, she forced me over onto my stomach again where she forced my right arm in the grip of her hands to bend behind me to the small of my back. With my right arm still tightly locked between her furry thighs, she twisted my left arm up my back in a hammerlock.
Unable to stop her applying this easy yet highly effective hold, I had no choice but to submit as I felt the stabs of pain start to shoot up my arm to my shoulder.
‘Ok, I give!’ I exclaimed.
Kelly released me and stood, freeing my arm from her legs. It felt like I had slept on that arm all night as the feeling started coming back to the limb after so long being squeezed by Kelly’s legs.
‘First fall goes to Kelly!’ cried the lioness referee over the baying small crowd. Most were shouting for Kelly to annihilate me in the second fall. I eased up to my knees and looked up at her magnificent body. This was now a really tall order.
‘This ain’t going well fo you huh?’ she asked, casually stroking my hair with hand.
This vixen was a true brutal fighter. I had no idea! It didn’t feel like I was going to have enough gogo juice in the tank to match theexuberent furry girl for a second round
I pushed myself back and got to my feet. Kelly watched me as I slowly backed away and took my position on the other side of the mat. I raised my arm and beckoned her forward, I was not done yet.
She shrugged and stepped forward, ‘Ok, your choice.’
Every time I took a full breath, my sides hurt. I took shallow panting breaths as we moved into each others range again and tried to land our strikes. I had to stop playing her game and start playing mine, but she was so skilled it was hard to think how I could get through those defences. Kelly had me lapped in martial arts...so i'd try for marital arts instead. I had to get my hand into her briefs, and I had no idea how I could do that.
Kelly led me on, arms at her side, leaning and dodging my strikes and circling away from me as I lumbered after her and tried to catch her. I got silly and threw a closed fist strike at her head, catching her on the cheek and sweeping my knuckles across the corner of her lips, opening a small cut. I didn’t mean to do it; I was tired already and maybe I just wasn’t concentrating. Kelly stepped away and dabbed her lip, seeing the streak of red she ran her tongue over the spot.
‘Shit…Kelly, I’m sorry I didn’t mean to…’
She smiled, ‘Is ok? You want to fight like that?’
‘Wha?’
Kelly clicked her neck and narrowed her eyes, ‘Ok, we fight like that.’
It seemed like closed fist striking was back on the menu, and if you think that was a good thing for me…think again.
Now, those hammer fists were aimed at my head. I fired back my own, bumping her hard under her left eye and unloading a weak haymaker at the side of her head but her strikes were much more precise and damaging. She
backed me up again and cracked me in the face, snapping my head back and sending me to the mat where she quickly mounted me, planting her buxom ass on my stomach and moving up to my chest where she forced my arms under her legs, between her calves and thighs. She pulled my head up and rolled off, clamping my head between those thighs and crossing her ankles. It felt so warm there, and the smell of her pussy told me that she was more than a little wet inside those briefs. I hooked my arms over her thighs, anticipating the coming squeeze but she just held me there, resting up on one elbow, her other arm resting on her thigh.
‘I gift you a chance to submit before I squeeze…Am nice like that,’ she smiled.
I was tempted, locked between those thick ebony bone crushers, but I sensed a chance to at least try and turn it around I just needed one point, and I had once chance to get it. I slid my left hand up her leg onto her hip, making like I was going to tap, then slipped my fingers under the waistband of her shorts and plunged down, reaching for her pussy. Kelly’s eyes went wide, and she reached for my arm with hers to try and stop me. My fingers slid through her black fur down there and found her lips. Wasting no time, and at a pretty awkward angle, I managed to hook two fingers into her as deep as I could.
‘!!!?!’ groaned Kelly, gritting her teeth and throwing her head back. Her fingers closed around the arm that was in her pants, but she couldn’t grip! I felt her thighs tighten up, but again, no power! I got my knees under me and managed to turn us so that she was on her back. She kept those thighs clamped around my head, but she wasn’t squeezing. Her eyes remained tightly closed and her mouth opened to release a few gasps of panic. I rubbed at her clit with my fingertips and reached up with my other hand, gripping the waistband of her shorts and yanking, ripping the
waistband of her shorts and yanking, ripping the material. The tearing sound was music to my ears as the thin sheer material gave way. The waistband was tougher to break but it went with another sharp tug. Kelly reached down with her other hand in a vein effort to keep hold of her shorts, ‘No! don’t yo…don’t yo… fuckin bastard…’ but they were already torn. I pulled them clean off her. Now her sex was exposed, glistening with her own juice showing that she was already horny. I wiggled my head closer as her scisorhold breaks completely. She almost had my fingers out, tugging on my arm but I was almost there. Her other hand went to the top of my head, squealing, she tried to keep me away from her but finally, her legs loosened up and I got to her pussy lips with my mouth.
From there, she was momentarily paralysed and the strength drained from her limbs. As I slipped my tongue in, her legs flopped open like she’d been tranquilized. I pushed my nose against her clit and stuck my tongue into her as deep as I could, feeling her tense up and groan angrily. I knew I’d have a very short window once she got there, so I would have to be quick. She started panting, her chest bumping up and down with each breath. I used my other hand to reach up and squeeze her left tit gently, waiting for the moment….and there! Kelly came. So quick to reach orgasm…but then, that was a weakness for most animals. Kelly convulsed and arched her back, hands going to the top of my head again but this time, scrunching my hair and pulling me harder against her lips.
I had no intention of staying put and letting her calm down. While her pussy was still flooding, I pulled my tongue out and climbed into full mount on top of her, ‘Noooooo!’ she cried, wanting me to stay and finish, but I had to take this chance. She would be twitching and floppy for a few seconds during her explosive orgasm, and that was all the time I needed.
I flipped her over onto her stomach and
and effortlessly slipped my arms under hers, forcing her into a face down full nelson. Weak struggles were brushed aside as I swung each foot out and planted my feet on the mat before pulling her up, bending her into a full nelson camel clutch.
‘Argggggg, you! You!’ she gasped as I bowed her body, forcing her head down in the nelson even as I bent her back to the other way, pausing to make sure it wasn’t too much too soon before resuming stretching her out.
‘Looks like I got you foxy,’ I laughed."
Kelly was breathing hard. She was still having her orgasm! Panting and squeaking as I felt her body tense up, then loosen, then tense again. No matter, by the time she was done, she was locked into an inescapable submission hold.
‘Give up,’ I offered.
Blasted by both pain and pleasure at the same time, Kelly growled before panting again, ‘Ok, I submit!’ she said.
I gently lowered her back to the mat and stood, stepping away and admiring the blot of girl cum between her legs, ‘Oh you made a mess,’ I laughed.
Kelly got trembling to her knees, a thin trail of drool slipping from her mouth before she wiped it away. She sat back on her heels and put her hands to her face, slowly sweeping them up through her hair and linking her fingers at the back of her head. She stood and turned to face me, shaking her head, ‘I'm gonna get you for that one..."
Kelly looked down, bottomless now. She gripped her boob tube top and ripped the sheer fabric in half, tearing the garment off and exposing her chest. Balling up the shredded materiel she tossed it across the mat at me, ‘May as well have that!’ she declared, ‘Your gonna be EATIN IT when Im done with you!’
She was kind of…angry/pleased? Shaking her head and narrowing her glare.
The lionesses call for a break.

Should anthros have jobs that contribute to household income, or should they just be pets with no responsibility other than household chores or getting fucked?

I've actually though about this a lot in hyper-advanced society, by all means i love the medieval route of chains and pillories but I also love sci-fi and cyberpunkian suffering, I imagine a corporate dystopia that paints over it's oppression with luxury and hidden ugliness.
> The silver city of Lounid is a beautiful and enlightened place, a white plateau dotted with towers like silver lines and held aloft from the forest below by a levitating prism (as to not disturb nature, it would harm the aesthetics and has the added benefit of giving free anthros more space to be poached)
> although humans are outnumbered 120 to 1 they sit at the very pinnacle of luxury, working a handful of hours every week to manage their slaves, punish unrulies and rarely a file or form needs to be filled out
> Human careers are separated as 'white' careers, which focus on appearance, aesthetics and designing/managing the pretty parts of the city, and 'red' careers which focus on punishment, violence and keeping the making sure 'unsightly' jobs are done and remain unseen, neither does this task alone as they have a cadre of athros to help.
> It's pretty much expected to own and subjugate anthros, and like any enlightened society people of any economic background, gender, religion and orientation are allowed every opportunity to enslave their animalistic inferiors, you know a lady friend who manages the shopping district and she even let one of her 'petgirls' clean your shoes
> She dug her heel into the pet's back while she lapped up the scant amount of dust and trampled grass from your heel, moaning appreciatedly when you shifted your weight and stepped on her tongue.
> After your shoeshining you went back to your computer desk with it's forms and job offers to the hard task of deciding a future for yourself, slaver or petkeeper, do you want to lead anthros by the whip or the lead?
> Skimming the images you look at being a petkeeper first, the white district has many shops in need of tending, the Dress and Shoe Boutique with pretty anthro girls of all shapes, tigers with v-figures, cats with hourglasses, all lined up to take orders, try clothes for the prospective buyer, or make adjustments for their customers, they're of course always naked as to not be seen as 'equal' to a human costumer and so they can wear whatever a customer brings them.
> that's just one shop though, there's the Tattoo Parlour where scantily clad anthros have all manner of degrading designs scrawled on them, or if serving a human the anthro may be used as a 'test' to see whether the design looks good and to train eachother's artistry, some are even tied up outside when they run out of clear skin to act as a living advertisement for their beautiful designs. Some newer tech even integrates holographic marks with sensory input to really make those slave brands stand out, it could be programmed to display the anthro's name, sexual acts they've done and the sensory nanites programmed to feel burning hot, freezing cold or to reach when touched, some even move around as programmable nanites in the skin let them act as a living television, book or videofeed (bluetooth and slavechip™ compatible), and many a savy human gets a hologram wristwatch, scheduler or slave tracker tatted onto them, humans of course get to be tatted via painless nanite transferal instead of the usual method.
> there's also the Dog Pound for shiney new pets to learn all things needed to be selected as a housepet, lest they be deemed undesirable and tossed to the 'dogs' for sexual relief/begging to be taken in as companion to a real non-anthro hound (non-anthro pets are considered above anthro ones, even having their own slaves to toy with as any good owner will tell you). Although the 'dog' pound is
Some are given de-aging nanites to keep them at the prime age for adoption or delay being tossed out in the hopes they're bought, but the procedure often leads to changes in personality, loss of intellect, shrinkage or growing of assets (depending on gender) and repeated use may change their body, turning a muscled old guard dog into a cute lap princess.
> Or the Furniture Shop, where a customer is never expected to stand when there's a useful anthro as their living chair, a cadre of strong and tall male/female anthros are always available to build furniture right in front of the customer to see how they like it, or to build a sex contraption around one of their own to show you how it best milks, whips or fucks who's is put in, a few are on permanent pillary duty to advertise new sex or torture devices, blindfolded and muffled to not you watchers with their moans and pleading eyes. In the newer area anthro bodies are molded to explore new heights of aesthetics, reindeer/moose horns are carved into chairs and birds while they're still attached, zebras, lions and all manner of patterned anthro are genealtered so they depicts paintings, flowers and debauched scenes as living murals, there's a tiger girl who's skin pigments shift to display her innermost desires, there's also some experimentation in size with a massive anthro bear molded into the perfect sofa, or a chair crafted from 4 smaller squirrels all arched to act as legs, if one slips up the automatic balancer activates and mechanical tentacles spread and rearrange her body back into position.
> The multi-coloured arcade is also nothing to sneeze at, even though virtual dream games have flourished in popularity the humble arcade cabinet still enjoys it's users, modern technology has allowed anthros (stored at the bottom in a tight glass box) to be mentally plugged into the machines to serve as player characters in these games with every feeling transmitted as though real, when the player wins they may 'reward' their anthro gamemaster with whatever the player wants from a small menu (entered via cheatcodes), it could be an orgasm, 1-hour of hyperrealistic sex uploaded directly to their brain, or even a few minutes of freedom, but if they performed badly or lost they experience it in every excruciating sensation, the player being fucked by the boss, swallowed by the slimes or molested by tentacles in the game while holograms in the glass box make it look like it's happening in real life. There's normal games like mario, but also a bunch themed after rape, sadistic sex monsters and demons, sex-fighting, extreme masochism and even one pregnancy-themed pet game in the back that induces illusory labour in the anthro that's plugged in, regardless of gender.
> Last is the Market, it promises 'super fresh produce' but this ones legit, the front is buzzing with small herbivores, rabbits, hedgehogs, chicken and other species that barely reach your chest all hawking their produce, desperate to make a sale as they know what happens if they don't, the best sellers stuff their holes with vegetables to show you how big it is, the males even present their smaller testicles to show you how large and juicy their fruits are compared to their inferior manhoods, next a few cow and goat ladies line up the milk isle to offer straight from the tap, they jiggle their jugs covered in assurance stickers and '100% purebred' branded under each teat. Last the meat section which every anthro avoids eye contact with, printed meat has made slaughter unnecessary but some still like it 'real', you can request any anthro and they'll shakily step up onto the counter with a few 'prime animals' (bosomy pigs, curvaceous hens and well-endowed bulls) already on display behind the glass, any piece can be cut off and bagged either by blade, laser or your own hands, a kind patron may deign to use the built-in anaesthesia dispensers but it's not required, any resistance is held back by paralyzing energy field and when done the customer can have the anthro regenerated and spared death but as always, this is optional, favoured cuts/anthros can be vacuum bagged and delivered to you

>Turbo Granny goes to do X/Y/Z out of the house while trying not to get spotted by humans.
>At some point gets spotted by some unsuspecting human who happens to have a spitirual sense.
>Guy makes some off-hand comment about the weird Maneki-neko cat statue, and Turbo Granny rages at him, maybe something about her lewd cat body or something about Luck/Spirits not being real.
>Turbo Granny threatens to swallow his weenie.
>Shenanigans occur.
>Guy, freaking out, eventually challenges with TG that if he can outlast TG in a competition she'll let him go and not curse him with her weird ghost powers (they're both massively exxagerating her current powers).
>Turbo Baba gets BTFO in a competition to see who cums first in a 'Sucking your Weenie' competition (her own powers work against her giving the guy masive luck).
>Unsatisified he keeps using her lewd/weird doll cat body.
>Eventually takes mercy on the old spirit and lets her go after she admits her defeat, or instead takes her back to his hosue to keep using her until she can escape (she'll be back again to torment him).

>Trying to close a deal with a high profile client at their mansion compound
>You researched the client ahead of time, brought fine wine and many other gifts from his home planet and knew the right connections to bring up
>Turns out he researched your tastes right back
>Agree to stay the night, negotiation on terms begins the next morning
>He promises you a gift in return before bed
The gift:
(https://desu-usergeneratedcontent.xyz/trash/image/1752/08/1752083133607.png)

serial number D-011, from Y's production line
>00:49
>it was rainy and it was nightime, the trucker was a greenhorn and that curve was very traitorous, one sharp turn made it tilt on its side, the thing slided and fell down a ditch in the mud
>trucker was fine, the cargo not so much
>three dozen female anthros of all kinds of races, the sudden stop made most of them die on impact, the rest choked on carbon monoxide from the motors or bled out
>atleast no real life was lost, they were a freshly made batch of products and hadn't even gotten a personality weaved in their brains, it was at the same level of tragedy as some cattle dying on their way to the slaughterhouse
>03:11
>towing truck arrives, supervisor checks for damages, they counted 31 heads
>these things don't walk very far without a thinking mind, a wild animal must have murked and dragged it away as nobody was in the scene other than the driver, regardless it would cost more to get a searching party than to leave it to rot, it wouldn't be the first time these creatures get abused and left to die in some ditch like meat that has gone bad, it's too late for this, just write down 32 and let everyone go home
>next morning, summer vacation just began
>a young lad, trying to stay out of home, killing time in that old abandoned home further deep in the woods, the town was small enough that nobody got in, even then the brambles were a good deterrent
>would be a million times better to be visiting any place other than the liquor store downtown, like every other one of its classmates, but this is the best thing having a deadbeat dad lets you enjoy
>from between the thicket came a dirty ewe anthro, fleece covered in multiple kinds of filth dragged from two hours of aimless walking, she kept dragging herself forward like a zombie, her right leg slashed just above her hoof...besides, she was naked from ears too hoofs
>he knew these things existed, but never saw one in person like this before
>walking towards it, the lad would try to talk with her, was she needing help, was she lost?
>... no answer, she just continued moving forward, her only stimuli the stinging, burning sensation of her leg sending signals to push further on
>no matter what he did, she didn't give any verbal response
>it would be wrong to leave her like this however, and she was actually easy to lead, all he had to do was pull her by the hand, taking the sheep lady inside
>it was hard to focus with her completely naked like this, and he needed something to clean her wounds, she stopped trying to move when she got pushed against the makeshift bed of an old matress ontop of some pallets
>one, two, three trips, bringing gauze, distilled alcohol, clean water, food and clothing
>cleaned up the guest to make her wool back into that sharp pure white, he had worked itself to a sweat, laying down next to the anthro, having its eyes closed while hastilly covered up with a shirt and shorts that were a size too small for her
>why was she here? was somebody looking for her?
>he had to inspect, yet there was no marks like most of these creatures have
>heart began to pump harder as he got a gaze of the tender shape she had, these things were specifically made with an obvious purpose, servants of all kinds, but deep down...there was one specific use for them
>checking every crevice, every piece, discovering the feel of her barely covered body
>she's clean...healthy too
>breaths becoming more agitated, a sinking feeling as blood rushes to make one's body light up
>hands running deeper... the door below was barricaded as usual to keep off critters, and nobody would come looking for her, the gentle sound of treetops in the wind kept its mind focused unto a single idea
>was it wrong? it wasn't like her situation would be any different, maybe she had been abandoned and would be lost without the help of a human owner regardless, someone who cares for its property would not let it wander off like this
>feeling her curves, her stare finally twitched towards him once he reached out for the lamb, her ebony body giving a hard clash to the silky strands that decorated it
>everything working top notch other than the bandaged leg and the lack of response from her, a healthy heartbeat, a clean maw, an unpopped cherry, and a welcoming, fertile womb
>her mind finally began filling up with something, natural instincts coming back after remembering her purpose, the one purpose of all creatures that live
>eyes focusing, neurons firing...arms hugging him and legs locking in place
>it lasted hours, and her desire to keep grasping him led to a night of cuddling, hot like the devil's armpit, or as the bosom of fluffy lamb
>this is better than any vacation he could take, or anything he could do
>...gotta make the most of it for her
>as such went the next three months
>a half time job, enough to keep dad from getting suspicious, with spare for its new friend
>food, clothes and amenities, some trinkets to make their ''home'' more welcoming, even as far as cheap furniture, some bought, some taken
>every time he came back he booked it to meet her, spending hours finding new ways to have fun together
>she began to walk on her own again, still a mute, but capable of tending to her own needs, yet willing as always, she couldn't resist in more than one way
>buying her clothes or using some of the ones that mom left to dress her up as its plaything, shaving its body to expose her further, painting it with markers full of obsenities, milking her swollen breasts to have a drink for the long days
>every time dad left was an opportunity to take her home for a nice bath and to make the lamb his property once more on its real bedroom
>she was his little lamb, even if that ewe was bigger than the human, his ''dolly'' did he name her
>summer was almost over, the cold came back, and he felt unsure as he cuddled the lamb for warmth in that abused mattress, dressed in lingerine with her crotch still sticky after another night of rough, deep passion, the bitemarks gave it away
>it would be impossible to keep a job at the same time as he studied, how to keep her fed and warm in this shack... one has to take care of its property after all, a good toy doesn't go to waste
>the lamb at that point rushed to get up, only ten steps did she take before throwing up profusely into a bucket
>her belly was way more swollen than last month, and so were her two udders, the situation was obvious
>well, guess it was time dad met his girlfriend, hope he likes being a grandpa

>being males, bunnyboys know that they can't fall back on the expectation of popping out kids for their humies
>once you get past the breeding part you'll realize most bunnygirls are just pump and dump sluts
>bunpuss is fun but not especially good nor bad
>but bunnyboys know how exactly to worship cocks in ways females can't
>because they are commonly sexually neglected bunboys are masters of masturbation, skills that are well served should a willing human take them in
>from deepthroating the full shaft to making sure the balls get some love too
>when to go full throttle and when to back off
>the best angle to ride so that your cock hits their prostates at just the right angle
>all to give the man who finally accepted them a show in the form of a hands free cum geyser
>it's that or jerking off into and clogging the bunny burrow toilets again
>and it's not like they'll ever have the chance to breed with a female, might as well use their seed for something entertaining

Love it when a Male and Female of the same species look eerilie similar and feminine and youthful in contrast to what you'd expect from the species, specially when compared to others, like humans. Even better then they have a romantic or familial connection, such as a boyfriend looking similar to his girlfriend, a brother to his sister, or a father to his daughter, while they both look small, nice and delicate compared to a human.

Being a Human in an All-Anthro work enviroment and being the only one who can make the your Ice Queen-of-a-boss laugh is a form of collaring as well.

Honestly, I kind of dig that. Just being able to make a cold bitch like that break character with your human charm is neat.

>Be isekaied in anthro world
>Appear in an overgrown ruin filled with both anthro and human statues
>Notice one altar with litted candels and fresh offerings
>The altar right in front of a very /fit/ man on loose robes
>You hear a small cry
>You turn around to face a dog-girl, shivering and crying while looking at you in awe
>Turns out in that world humans are the equivalent of daemon, the beings right bellow the gods in the metaphysical hierarchy
>Apparently you also have god-tier powers now

>War of the Worlds.
>Sort of. Not really.
>Invasion proceeds smoothly as them natives can't into power armor and their slug throwers are useless.
>Will they be saved by their alien germs? Gene sequencing and targeted vaxxing. So, um, that's a negative.
>Your team managed to clear these from the pillbox. Reward time.
>She's coughing and gasping. "DEATH SMOKE-" *COUGH* "I breathed-" *COUGH* "Can't eat me." *GASP* "LET ME DIE!"
>You force a mask over her muzzle and pipe in the shoothix mix.
>"It's called tear gas not poison. Your lungs aren't damaged. Breath. You'll be fine."
>She still struggles, but, "DON'T TOUCH ME! I WON'T LET YOU EAT ME!"
>You cut away the rest of the uniform. "None of you are food. The only thing your weapons are dangerous to is yourselves. I'm checking you for injuries."
>"Why? We know you torture us for sport!"
>"A spanking isn't torture. And you'll figure out how to avoid them soon enough." You cut away the her panties.
>"What are you doing?"
>"I told you. Checking for injuries. See? Here we have a gash. This needs probing..."
>"O_O"

The military justified the integration of the nines into the infantry not only based on their long history of service to humans as sentries, scouts, and trackers, but as a safe and regulated means to provide sexual relief to soldiers. At this, the nines excelled. A nine could not, for example, sexually transmit diseases. Nor would it rob a soldier blind or coax valuable intelligence during post sex. The nine could only bark an affirmation, wag, and follow any command given to it.
And so, inside a lonely pillbox bordering the faltering state of New Vescua, Keena, a nine dobermorph fresh out of obedience school, strips free of clothes, places her paws against the cool concrete and spreads her legs. She is trim, of good and sturdy athletic frame but soft and curved where a man needed her to be. Her brown and smokey black fur is clean and short, the groups of muscles on her taut backside slowly undulating as she twists in place to gaze past her shoulder to the sergeant as he unbuckled. When she heard the sound of the gear collapsing around his ankles, she whined and folded back her ears., The nub of her cropped tail wiggled excitedly atop her round ass as a visible gleam of syrupy wetness crept between her thighs. The reaction was Pavlovian and if she wasn't fucked on the regular, she'd openly beg for it and act out. Administering a good, hard fuck wasn't just considered good practice, it was written directly in the handlers operational field manual.
The sergeant lubricated himself and then her with a standard-issued squeeze packet of KY jelly, the nine gasping softly as his fingers wetly slathered the cold dollop of gel in and out of her tight cunt. Then human cock prodded her sticky feminine folds to sink a few centimeters past a tight resistance. He held it in place before dipping further and lingered teasingly in a slow grind until Keena surrendered a desperate yelp of need. Always, the human had to establish who was in charge. He smacked her ass, grunted, and sharply penetrated her with an audile thump into her snug passage. "Are you my good girl," he whispered. She stammered out a shaking "yes," the furious clap of her rear end sounding out as he roughly thrust into her. "Bark, girl." She barked, tongue lolling out of her mouth as her eyes rolled back. "You're my good slut?" He squeezed her breasts from behind, curled over her into a shallow rut as she tilted to accommodate his mounting body. Her toned arms and legs trembled as she held this position until at last the sergeant had spurted his load into her clenching, pussy. Tugging his cock free, weeping streamers of cum flicked about and adhered to the fur on her ass and across the small of her back like dribbled glue. It was only a modest quantity as this wasn't his first ejaculation inside her today.
"Good girl. Clean me."
Down on her knees before him, the nine gazed upwards with hazed expression, almost trancelike, wetly lapping the excess of secretion from his spent cock.

Shortstackification when it comes to forced body modification is fantastic.
>Have absolute control over someone else's body.
>Use it to give them a humilliatingly small body, with proportions bordering on the obscene.
>Too short to reach most places they previously were able to and with reduced muscles that now have to account for carrying their expanded assets, they new require help from you or others for many menial tasks they could perform easily before.
>Their clothes, if any will look awkwardly large of too small to be able to properly hide their new bodies, lewdly expanded for your pleasure, and which makes them stumble and fall due to their unusual size.
>They have to deal with the curious and perverted gazes of everyone around them as they try to just get on with their lives, or whatever other ordeal you're putting them through.
Yes, I'd shortstack plenty an anthro or monster if I could.

>Collared Scenarios: Human Cuckoo.
A human is adopted into a anthro/non-human family structure and, over time, comes to become the center of attention in it.
>Starts unwittingly or not subverting his siblings.
>The parents start putting more time, effort and affection into him than their other, non-human children.
>Slowly and surely the human comes to surpass his adoptive family in almost every way whatsoever, specially if they grow to be much larger and stronger than them.
>Eventually the power dynamic of the family shifts towards the human son, subverting the parents authority. who have come to give him everything and can't bring themselves to defy him, either out of love, fear or both.
>The human then proceeds to do whatever they see fit with their adoptive family, wether to abuse them or return the favor of caring for them, depending on their tastes.
The shift can occur without anyone really noticing, even the human, until its too late, or it can be a premeditated act on part of the human and an perceibable but unavoidable one by the family.

>60 years ago, the first furry test tube babies were born in the USA.
>Research had existed in animal hybriding for a couple centuries by this point, but with shifting political demographics driven by resource abundance a renaissance of science and discovery was ushered in.
>This period did not last long, and the pendulum swung hard.
>For the last five years, third generation furries have been under political siege by an increasingly regressive human supremacy movement that has criticized the existence of furries as an affront to nature, god, what it means to be human, and other such concepts.
>Their position is polarizing but largely supported, and their successful campaign to push the adoption of the terms “furries” and “humans” to represent each group has been severely dehumanizing to furries and applied catastrophic damage to their movement.
>Chief and most politically moving of the human supremacy concerns is the staggering number of dominant gene traits expressed in furry/human children — all race-mixing results in full furry children, and while the first generation was composed of a mere 3 million, this third generation is already up to 75 million members of the nation due to the increased sexual attention furry men and women receive.
>A mix of fear mongering and paid-for science has placed estimates at another 3 generations until a furry majority population, at which point there is “no point of return” from humanity’s extinction.
>Due to increasing propaganda and general unrest more of the worlds problems are placed on the “subhuman animals” and their “penchant for violence.”
>Many countries have banned furries, others have denied them human rights, but the vast majority still live where the first generation was conceived, the US.
>In an inevitable but blindsiding turn of events, a Massachusetts court ruled that furries were not protected under the constitution, and surprisingly, the Supreme Court upheld this ruling.
>Only a few weeks later, furries were legally reclassified from citizens to animals, with the primary rationale being that furries posed a risk to humanity itself.
>As paid-for science had found these “artificial beings” with “subhuman intelligence” to have “a genetic destiny to regress to a feral state” and to have “no potential future without humanity’s guidance on the earth,” it was deemed necessary to subjugate them for the sake of humanity’s future and even that of intelligent life in the universe.
>Camps were considered, but the sheer scale of their population made it untenable.
>Furthermore, violence would be antithetical to the stance that humanity is “simply maintaining their custodianship over nature.”
>It was determined that relying on existing parallels with the treatment of “other animals” was the most realistic option; relying on the public at large to participate in the subjugation by adopting pets and livestock, so long as they agreed to have them spayed or neutered (not all complied with this condition).
>Families were kept together where possible, and many communities resisted, acting as unofficial shelters from this new world order, but most of the furry population was estranged, taken, and ultimately, collared.
>There was violence at first, and much resistance, but the knowledge that the entire nation and its resources were committed to this cause forced the vast majority to surrender without incident, as they saw no other way out.
>Coworkers one day became master and pet the next. Furry farmhands were integrated into flocks. Some mixed couples tried to stay as they were, but many quickly claimed their partners, maybe at first just to prevent others from doing so, and found they liked their new dynamic a bit too much; soon enough kennels, cages, and leashes became common additions to the home.
>Disappearances were common, with illicit breeding facilities popping up almost immediately to capitalize on what would later become a far rarer but highly profitable exotic animal trade.
>This quickly found overlaps with sex trafficking rings to extract both seed for their “pets” to gestate and money for their pockets from male customers.
>But by and large, given the loose legal requirements on what constituted fair treatment, most people stayed above board.
>It only took a month before all but the most clever of “strays” were accounted for.
>Most integrated smoothly enough, barring the occasional need for correction.
>Those who felt lucky enough to be owned by good masters did not want to risk going to a pound, or worse, a farm, and so defections were exceedingly rare.
>Some masters demanded more from their pets than others however, so while some furries may walk clothed and leashless as an (almost) equal to the humans around them, they may pass others who were forced to all fours, to go unclothed, or even to give up human speech.
>Examples of gossipy master-pet relationships would surface, such as a pair of high school rivals that now were often seen on morning walks together, one muzzled, leashed, and bound to all fours.
>Or that of a once-famous college professor becoming the property of a past female student with a big crush and a low grade.
>Of a female director of operations turned service animal to one of her subordinates and regularly brought in to be shown off at work.
>Or of a once engaged female now one of three furries co-owned by her ex-fiancé and his wife.
>While taboo, sexual exploitation of pet furries was considered no more extreme than discussing a proclivity for anal sex with a girlfriend.
>Online sites popped up that were dedicated to image sharing and discussion of people’s pets in sexual context.
One such site is where the popular trend “Muzzle Measure Monday” took root, where male owners would follow a running unspoken joke of posting images of their cocks in the muzzles of their pets with the pretense being that the penis is for scale.
>It is unclear whether furries will ever gain enough favor to receive recognition as human beings again, but it is unlikely to occur in this generation’s lifetime.
>Not counting animal votes, polling shows that the nation is currently very happy with the recent policy decisions of their government.

>Furboi husband enraged finding his wife sucking off the human in the closet
>Thats what HE was going to do, whore!

>Been cohabitating with an Anthro for the past months or so.
>You aren't exactly the best of friends, but they're easily the best roommate you've ever had. Keeps their stuff well-kept, doesn't make any disturbances, and always pay their share of the rent on time.
>Neighbors are kinda iffy towards them living in the appartment, but you're ok with keeping them at arms bay if it means you get to keep them as a roomie.
>You hear news of the Anthro Law coming into effect while you're at work.
>With no legal human rights, Anthros won't be able to hold on jobs the way they used to or even own property, plus legistlators are promoting people taking the law into their own hands and help officials "get the problem under control" by their own means.
>Everyone is too shocked to say something, specially the anthros, who seem increasingly disturbed and afraid as more time goes on.
>All you can think of is getting back home at the end of your shift. You notice several anthro coworkers quite early on the parking lot, leaving without even logging out of their shifts.
>When you get there, this is how you're greeted. (https://desu-usergeneratedcontent.xyz/trash/image/1654/32/1654326023155.jpg)
What do?

Getting chipped and registered takes priority, for safety of course, don’t want her falling into the hands of some random pervert. Then, we reestablish some house rules. She probably can’t cover her share of the rent now, so she may need to move into a more confined space that I’d graciously set up in my room so I could sublet to a new roommate. I gotta make money for two now after all, can’t be doubling my rent at the same time. Oh, and our neighborhood has always had a strict policy with off-leash pets (as far as she knows) so I’d let her pick out a nice one incase she wanted to go anywhere. Her bank accounts would be frozen and various contracts invalidated due to her loss of citizenship, so while she wouldn’t be able to buy it herself or find one on her phone, I’d keep her in the loop and provide her with what she really needs. For example, I heard one of her good friends across town was scooped up by some brute of a man and was being treated like an animal, and that we were really lucky we were able to maintain our previous life here. Between you and me though, that’s “just what I heard.”
Next, I’d put together a roommate ad and filter a number of candidates for someone who had a clear idea of an anthro’s place in the household, and just to appeal to this new roommate’s preferences (since they were of course “the only candidate applying”) I’d ask my deer friend to please endure some behavioral training to pay me back for my kindness and to secure our finances by making our new roommate feel comfortable with her presence. While she may be tempted to only do so when this roommate is around, I’d ask for consistency even when just with me or when alone and that she accept these new behaviors and standards as a new normal, as while we are good friends, she would need to act this way for society anyway. No speaking unless permitted, always wear your collar, no getting on the furniture, sleep in your cage, you will eat from a bowl, no walking upright unless permitted, nudge or nuzzle to grab attention, no clothing unless permitted. Some of these would obviously take more time than others, but through regular sessions, reminders of what it’s all for, and the occasional subtle hint of a disciplinary threat, I’d work with her regularly to make her more acceptable to the household and society at large. I’d be generous here and there and allow for some rule breaking, a night out of the cage if she was alright sharing the bed, some clothes I think she’d look nice in if she behaved, treats from the table if she’d eat from my hand. If she didn’t oblige, I would be forced to confine her to a kennel while I was away at work to “keep her safe in our room” as I couldn’t trust her to not offend our roommate. Further resistance would have to be met with muzzles and straps to keep her behavior in line with what’s expected, but I would hope it would never come to that.
Once she was ready for it, I’d arrange for meetings at parks with other likeminded folk with similar pet rules to reinforce this sense of normalcy and give her a chance to socialize with others like herself. I’d commend her when she would behave well, and start to “subconsciously” treat her more like a good girl; head pats and strokes and positive comments when she was good, a stern tone and a slap on the ass when she’d misbehave. I’d aim to condition her to her lot in life and, even once the roommate had moved on, maintain this new normal onward into our future.
Finally, after months or years of these arrangements, with our new relationship thoroughly normalized and her now thoroughly bored compared to the days of smartphones, tvs, and her college pursuits, I’d wait until she was a couple weeks into a female anthro’s infamous heat before asking her to come put her head in my lap so I could comfort and stroke her and tell her she was handling it so well all while her face was just a sheet of cloth away from a dick that could easily quell her all her urges. That alone may be enough to convince her to concede to me, but if not, I’d sweeten the deal with new privileges or toys, like the privilege to bite at my belt if she ever wanted to request relief or a dildo to help her handle the need if she would only let me help her handle this. We were such good friends after all now, with how well I’ve treated her compared to those others who would have just tied her up outside or given her away. Ultimately there’s still a chance after all of this that she could say no, but fortunately the market for gadgets that help with unwilling or misbehaving pets has been booming since the Anthro Law was passed.

>In a distant land there existed a clan of tribal humans that lived off of the land. Near their tribal lands thrived a country of nagas who prides themselves as beings of higher intellect that excelled in the arts of entrancement. The nagas would on occasion journey into the human lands and enthrall a warrior to serve as their loyal and obedient bodyguard. And enthralling a human was a sign of prestige and wealth to the nagas.
>When young men from the human tribes showed a talent for the arts of shamanism they were heralded by their people. When they came of age they were sent out into the wilderness naked and only carrying a few necessary supplies for survival. They were directed towards the naga-held lands to encounter a naga while in the wild for a battle of will. If the human was weak he would become enslaved by the naga... a being eager to serve their serpentine master without question. But, if their will was stronger than the naga they would entrance the serpent and bring them back to the human tribe.
>These nagas would become enthralled and bonded to their human master, following him eagerly and taking delight and pleasure in their obedience to him. They would become like a guiding being to the shaman, augmenting his abilities and finding bliss in their obedience to his words.
>Baitos was one such young shaman. When he had come of the age 18 he was sent into the wild to see if his will was strong enough to conquer the mind of a naga. With wit, skill, and charm he was able to subdue a naga noble that had traveled into the human lands in an attempt to hypnotize a human or two for himself. Now, he begins the process of connectiong the naga's thoughts of obedience to pleasure... in order to bring the naga into a state of correlating the two as interchangeable concepts.

There are collared scenarios where the collaring is nice, sexy and good. There are others where the collaring is quite cruel, sexy, and not-so-good.
Tell me which do you prefer, and one like so.

Cruel, dehumanizing slavery is where it's at. Anthros were made to serve man, and they'll do it whether they want to or not.

Cruelty merely for cruelty's sake is bad for the soul, there needs to be a purpose behind it.
Torturing an anthro in your basement for fun is pointless and chips away at yourself. Flogging them in the street for their disobedience is both a lesson and a demonstration. Unless they enjoy the flogging, then a different punishment is needed.
The well being of the anthro is irrelevant unless it interferes with their ability to perform whatever task it required of them. It's unreasonable to expect an anthro to cook if they lack arms or are diseased.
Humanity is supreme, thus it would be debasing ourselves let such wanton, empty acts to become habits.
Anthros should know their place and fill their roles dutifully and we ought to know our place above them and ensure we stay above them.

I'm a fan of a crapsack cruel world, where slavery is an overwhelming improvement. From the anthro's perspective their hairless monkey overlords sure are sex crazed. However, the humans also provide:
>An easygoing partial workday that is nothing like the constant brutal struggle to survive on the outside.
>Delicious, nutritious food with treats as well.
>Proper, effective, and complete medical care that seems like magic.
>Some free time for the anthro to enjoy doing their own thing.
>Punishments are ... kinda silly. Bent over the knee spankings are more humiliating than painful.
>As well as sometimes being just a neat kind of foreplay.
>Complete freedom from the miseries of seasonal heat.
>Safe sex.
>Besides sex, many other varied and pleasant entertainments.
And so on.

I'd say a softer side, with non humans being servants/pets.
Anthros are pets, intellectual but still pets. Anthros would have more rights than normal animals, but will necessary have an owner. If asking what I would do in world building of own world then Anthros should have supervisor or owner, overall system is similar to custody over a kid. But owner would take accountability for kids of anthro until owner fully adopts them themselves or someone else adopts the kid. If anthro doesn't have owner/family with owner then it's just as with stray animals, took in shelters until someone adopts them. Remark: supervisors in shelters or anybody who hasn't fully adopted anthro doesn't have right to do some things with anthro, health related things or intimacy.
As about cruelty it's same as with animals - illegal, it would be viewed same as animal abuse. But still Anthros are also can be servants, yet of course if don't cross the line.
Robots, depends on intellect level and programming. Easiest is just to program them to serve humanity. If they have free will well then only way is to force human superiority on them.
Talking about aliens/other non humans it's depends which kind. Like if they have similar conscience to humans then subjugate and everything same as with Anthros.
If we talking more about some eldritch beings or just higher civilization then there two ways. 1- pretty common, simple and kinda stupid just do the impossible and subjugate someone stronger and then same thing as said before, yet there definitely something satisfying in just controlling some higher being. Second Is overall not popular which is unfortunate. In this way humans are amazing for other species so latter decide to serve humanity. From lower civilization worshipping humans to some higher stronger civilization finding mortal human life charming and romantical so they just pledge themselves to someone who's reason and way of life they find higher than their.

Bit of both A and B, but a little more B.
Anthos are like third class citizens, they live to serve humans and humans can do pretty much whatever they want with them. Only thing is that they generally like it. They genuinely get exited whenever a human interacts with them, even if the human is cruel to them. You could pull any anthro you feel like into a alleyway and rape her and she would just thank you for having sex with her. Being a pet would be seen as the highest honor they could ever achieve.

>Anthro wife who's quite simply, taller, bigger, and stronger than you and mostly everyone in every conceivable way, who you wouldn't be able to move an inch if she really didn't want you to.
>Defers completely to your judgement and will because she believes it's her duty and privilege to obey and respect the men in her life, starting with her husband, and who believes in the God-given right of Humans to be the custodians of creation and life, including other sapient species.
I've no idea if this is still /collared/ but I'm not really opposed to the idea.

>Anthros are equally as smart as humans, but hopelessly naive when it comes to them.

The Pro-Human New World Order better have an economy policy that'd allow me to have at least a couple of pets plus my family unit.
I want a couple of adorable furboys to keep me company. They can take care of the housechores, make each other company, and then tend to my needs whenever I come back home.
The cuter they are the better. They can have some fun with each other while I'm not home, and even get their own place form themselves, maybe a tiny cupboard or a cage where they can rest when they're not being useful or being used.

A scenarios that's really hot is one where the anthros willingly let the human into their lives and put their trust in him, but slowly give up more and more of their independence in exchange for a greater sense of safety, all the way until they've give away their own freedom.
>Human-Anthro relacions keep becoming more and more tense.
>Human guy gets invited to be roomate for a couple/group of anthro boys.
>More than anything else they wanted someone who'd they feel safe around, and who wouldn't beat them up or abuse them for being anthros, small and adorable, and gay as fuck.
>It's not long until the anthro boys develop a crush on the big, strong human they've come to trust and rely on.
>They've even started to be more and more 'open' with him, to the point of even offering him favors if he ever feels pent up.
>They love the feeling of safety that being close to him brings them, and they love how small and cute he makes them feel when he uses them.
>Anthro Collaring Laws become a possible reality.
>Unsupervised anthros won't be able to hold jobs anymore, much less own property or handle any money or legal documents at all.
>In a panic, they beg him and put their faith in him to take care of them. Bank accounts, legal rights, even the same appartment they invited him to.They put all of their stuff to his name, including themselves
>Nothing much changes early on, but slowly over time their new reality takes shape.
>Stuff that was previously only part of kink plays becomes the norm around the house.
>They find themselves wearing collars, leashes, and tiny cages for their tiny cocks more often than not.
>Their old room gets adapted into a new one by their human, and their sleeping spot is switched from their big bed to a tiny one inside a cage beside their new owner's bed.
>It's small, restrictive and intimidating from the outside, but also comfortable. The cage even feels safe, shielding them from the scary place the world is becoming.

>Society is build around a religious caste system
>Each race/species has it's own place on the divine hierarchy
>Humans are place at the top as the pristly/bhramin caste
>Their duties consist on presiding over religious ceremonies, to give spiritual give spiritual gidance and couseling to the leader of the other castes
>In turn they are owed reverence and tributes
>They also have such influence that most members of the other castes would fulfill any request and obey any order from a human without thinking twice

>Each caste also has it's own internal hierarchies
>The most important of those is based on how much sacred human blood each clan has in their veins
>A lowly dog with no lineage would be stuck having to guard some warehouse or outpost in the middle of nowhere
>Any advancement requiring a crushing grind and outstanding performance
>In the other hand a dog from a clan that can trace it's line to a human 10 generation back would be fast racked to elite training and appointed to guard a temple

>in the days of old dragons used to raid the surrounding country side or extort kingdoms for gold
>now they've realized a more economic, less destructive method to rake in coins
>kobold brothels for the commoners
>kobold sex slaves for the wealthy

>Befriending your antho classmate just so you can get close to their MILF of a mother you have a crush on.

Owning an anthro farm alongside my very human wife. Hope she doesn't feel uncomfortable around the cattle. They can be very friendly to humans.

>Owning an anthro farm alongside my very human wife. Hope she doesn't feel uncomfortable around the cattle
>strangely, she never seems to be in the same room as one of the cows at the same time
>you hope she isn't too scared of Ol' Bessy, she's your best milker!

>You had just received *another* call from the cops.
>They wouldn't had known who to contact if this wasn't a relatively small town.
>You fired up your car and headed to the local park. You could already guess what had happened. Again.
>It had been a few months since the Anthro "Protection" Law had been passed.
>Disingeniously named, the law was meant to reign back most of the freedoms anthros had fought for these last few decades of social progress by forcing them to willingly sign themselves up to a caretaker (essentially an owner) or suffer severe legal penalties, under the presumptions that Anthos could not and should not be able to take care of themselves as free citizens.
>Already most anthros had willingly "Collared" themselves to humans they trusted, but some idealist few remained being cheered on by even less humans supporting their cause.
>You pal was one of those idealists, and you had cheered him on to this day, but there was only so much you could encourage him.
>The cops were waiting for you by the time they got there, although they hadn't bothered to do much besides gawk and take pictures.
>"Your 'Stray' is still refusin' to wear his Collar, ain't 'im? Guess some good samaritans meant to catch 'im for you, lest he runs away from 'ome too far; Hehehe."
>You didn't appreciate the officer's joke, specially since you could see they hadn't even bothered to release him from his restraints, much less try to talk to him; like they would've a human person.
>He had been stripped of his clothes, robbed, bound, gagged and left in the cold of the winter night on his own to either freeze of be found in that humilliation position by a stranger.
>He had probably been lured here again under the promise of a date with a cute chick or some fellow-minded anthros he thought he met on the internet. It was the third time this year, but this was the first time it had been this bad.
>All he could do from his restrained position in the park bench was shiver under the cold of the night and look at you with those big, pleading eyes of his that always got the best of you.
>You asked the cops to help you with him, but all they did was shove him in your car and see you off, joking about letting him go with only a warning about his "public indecency".
>He seemed at least warmer, but that look of defeat in his eyes was still there. You felt a similar one in yours, although you were too focused on the road to really pay any attention to him.
>You couldn't keep up like this. These anti-anthro supremacist were gonna be the death of his stubborn ass eventually. It was your responsability as his friend to make sure he was save.
>You knew it would break him, but once you got home and released him out of those straps you were gonna tell him to seriously consider signing up the goverment registry.
>He could choose anyone to be his caretaker, and even if he didn't see it that way you'd continue to be his friend, even if he had to change his freedom for a collar.
>You'd read that some people had casual meet-n-greets for their "pets" in certain private places. Maybe you'd be able to find him a cute girl to cheer him there.

>Furbois coming up with gayer and gayer sex acts with other furbois while they try to play it off as straight.
>”No it’s not gay because we’re both penetrating! J-Just because we’re touching dicks and cumming in each other doesn’t mean it’s homo!”
>Meanwhile they wouldn’t even be able to get hard for a female even if they were allowed and one presented her bare pussy to them.

>have a furboi in your harem, anything you want, ex-bully that tormented you in highschool, best friend that you didn't want to leave behind, etc
>being a good bro, you let him kiss one of your girls to get some action going between the three
>he's purely naked as she lays on lingerine giving it her all with deep french kisses, your friend can't for the sake of his life get his tiny pecker up
>take a note and show her how you're supposed to properly tame a fag
>all it takes is your lips barely interlocking that he goes full-stiff, already shooting strings of useless precum
happens more often than you'd think

>state mandated gf for every serviceman law passed
>instead of just making women get into a wife-draft, government instead devotes money into genetically engineering an army of slave wives to be given to each serviceman after their active duty phase is complete
>govenment does like creating more mouths to feed, so they dont even both keeping them around or caring to keep them as gov property, once theyre passed along- they belong to the soldier now

if the US started offering a free furry wife for signing up i would turn the sandbox into a nuclear holocaust so fucking quickly just to get my free long haired husky slave wife to push out my pups

>next president decades later is somehow one of these genetically engineered women or one of their offspring.
>"my fellow americans. on this day several decades ago, our forefathers have young men of our nation hope. hope to have a wife that loved them, hope to not be forgotten by the calloused, old society from before that valued them only for what they could do, rather than who they were. therefore, as my first order of business- rather than requiring an act of service from them in the form of active duty. all men in the selective service who are not already endowed with a cuddle-pet or any other reproductive relationship will qualify to be granted a government issued waifur"

i once made a tiny one
>because of hormones during puberty, male anthro playfully bullies human friend in highschool as a way to form pack hierarchy
>anthro's new pack consists of him at the top, followed by human, followed by the other furs
>time goes on, by the time they reach maturity the anthro sees a decline on growth hormones thanks to being sedentary and otherwise taking life slowly
>his own body reacts to this, making him more calm and friendly and otherwise softer
>only friend he kept hanging out with (the human) notices this, deciding to pay him back for all he did to him the human teases and makes fun at him
>he takes this as flirting, ffw two years and they are a happy married couple
>naturally the roles shift with time, eventually the anthro becomes the passive of the relationship once the human takes the lead for his clingy boyfriend
>nowadays he's a stay at home dad taking care of their adopted litter while his new alpha provides for their new family
"And that is how i met your father...mother...something like that"

ive asked about this story concept a very long time ago, but i was wondering if anybody would be willing to play with it. basically a world in where anthros have next to no sense of self preservation at all. all they want is to make their humans feel good. if they dont have an owner that means basically any human they get into any contact with beyond the barest minimum of acquainted interaction something like this
>meet and make friends with an anthro fox girl
>she's super nice to basically everyone, and because you made conversation with her on the first day of school she basically immediately picked you out as "her human"
>will literally say yes to whatever you wanna do, no questions asked, with a smile on her face
>"you wanna have sex? okay! the girls lockers are just over there"
>"you want me to get a tattoo that says im your pumpkin? sure! no its okay i'll pay for it haha."
>"get me pregnant! thats a great idea! i'll take care of everything, i bet they'll be so CUTE~"
and so on. usually super receptive to anything a human wants, and once they get "their human" almost all bets are off

at that point i'd just go the extra mile into depravity and make it full on-drone/no toughts mind
>they don't speak, they just moan
>they don't move on their own, unless you order them
>they don't do anything, unless you allow it
>they don't resist, no matter the scenario

>suck my breasts in public? oh sure, i can give you all you need if you're parched!
>stay at your home for the rest of the year? oh sure! i'll cook and clean around, who needs to learn stuff when i can just be practicing for when you let us marry?
>marry you and have a leash around my neck at all times? of course! at this point we're basically a married couple without the tax benefit, let's do it right here!

>Dog limps back home after getting mauled by the wold
>Gets called a good boy and recieves a bowl of treats while he licks his wounds
>Wolf, meanwhile, is sitting back in his chair reading the newspaper, smug and selfsatisfied
>Then the doorbell rings again
>Grumbling the big bad wolf trudges to his front door
>He opens it and stares directly into the barrels of a shotgun, held by a human
>The last the wolf hears is "Should've acccepted the offer"
>The human later gets praised for putting down the rabid wolf, as his pack of dogs worship the ground he walks on.

>reading fanfics a couple days ago
>learn about cyberpunk setting called "hec svnt dracones" where Sol is ruled by mega corps and populated exclusively by transhuman anthros called Vectors
>Mara was colonized by the same megacorp that would eventually create Vectors, using them as a means to adapt to interplanetary conditions
>Earth nukes itself for some reason, so most of baseline humanity is dead and what's left on Mars and other colonies become Vectors themselves, rendering normal humans extinct
>Time passes, other megacorps arise, and apparently some time after the nuking, something happens and the irradiated Earth is completely sterilized of all life, the moon is covered in the crystalized blood of Something™, and no ships that get close to earth ever return
>700 years pass
>Apparently one of the megacorps specialize in magic, though it's more like reality abstraction that can and does kill the user past a certain threshold
>Cat-vectors tri d to get all law of the jungle rabbit Vectors, only to be painfully reminded that guns exist
>Analog (but not digital) recordings of human voices trigger feelings of obedience in all Vectors, and the phenomena is called "the voice of the master"
Seems kinda interesting, almost makes me want to learn more about it to make a story about humanity coming back as Custodes-style transhumans (better, but still human) and reclaiming the Sol system from their wayward servants
What does /collared/ think?

>humanity coming back as Custodes-style transhumans
I think I'd prefer a smaller-scale story, or at least one focued more on one character.
>Some megacorp finds gene blueprints for a baseline human, or one of these gene-enhanced superhumans.
>Gets working on a secret project to revive humans and make use of their 'Voice Of The Master' for their own unscrupulous corporate ends.
>Basically a project to create lab-grown humans and gaslight/gatekeep/girlboss them into being your corporate drone agents for life.
>First prototype is successfully grown and is kept in a lab as scientists run tests on him, specially testing his 'Voice' abilities, which seem to be stronger in person than in analog recordings.
>Guy is basically a fish-out-of-water, with no clue about anything outside the lab, technology, or the true intentions of the corporation.
>Some lowly corpo drone (a scientist or security guard) feels bad for the human being used as a guinea pig and slowly forms a bond with them (totally not being affected by his mere presence).
>Suddenly corpo mercs everywhere. An competitor corpo got info on the project from their mole and is trying to bring the project down/do some corpo espionage to steal their data.
>Scientist helps the human escape during the chaos, as the blacksite goes down in flames and the research data is lost.
>Now the corpo drone wanted by not one or two corpos has a unmodified and pretty naive human hiding in their apartment.
>Story revolves around the pair trying to escape two corpos after them, the drone being in denial about being entranced by the nice human she 'takes care of', and the guy learning his own place in the world, as he transverses adapts to the setting's underworld, masters it, and eventually uses he newfound resources and drive to take down the corpos.

>Tricking your highly intelligent anthro childhood friend and her equally intelligent mother into obeying your every command and becoming your dutiful pets by exploiting the natural functional naivety of anthros to the powerful suggestive effect humans have on them.
>Bringing intelligent anthros to a highly dissosiative state and making them accept ridiculous ideas and commands with full confidence by expressing those ideas and commands with even more confidence than they have, and using implaned methods of punishment and reward to implant them deeply into their conscious and subconcious minds.

>The school is set in a cyberpunk dystopia.
>High-status corpo school filled with Old money, Nouveau riche, and Scholarship students.
>The school is a pit of nepotism, gambling, corruption and bullying, with a social hierarchy dominated by the kids from rich families and those who manage to make themselves respect through sheer power from augmentations both biological and cybernetical.
>Story follows a rich but pretty naive human kid entering the school for the first time and having to claw his way to the top to survive the hierarchy, earning the respect and loyalty of several students on his way there, making his own clique/harem to support him against the much more powerful students who're trying to crush his rising star.

>argonian bandit gets caught by the guard
>instead of getting put to the sword, visiting the headsman, or rotting in a cell on the jarl's coin like the rest of her "clan," the head of the guard has a different idea of what to do with her
>sell her off as a slave for "community service" to local prominent members of the community
>one such member of the community was your father, and he was in need of both a servant and a wet nurse after your mother passed while giving birth to (you)
>some would question the wisdom of letting a violent criminal into one's home and take care of a newborn, but not only is your father very convincing when he needs to be, but also apparently she was a changed woman after she held you for the first time, feeding you from her own breast
>also, she was headed to the headsman's block anyway before being "hired," there's no need to make any hasty decisions that might end up with her revisiting that unfortunate destination once again, now is there?
>evidently there wasn't because she was the mother you never had
>she cared for you, clothed you, fed you, taught you, all with the love of a devoted servant
>really, there wasn't much to change when she formally became your personal maid once you got a little older, just making it official that you were her top priority in all things, and that you were now her "employer"
>what neither she nor your father told you was that, upon a young nobleman like yourself coming of age, a personal maid is meant to give him a special lesson
>not letters or numbers, but in lovemaking
>after all, it wouldn't do for an upstanding member of the community to be unable to please his lady wife or sire an heir, now would it?
>best to get practice in first, as many times and as often as it takes

>Be me, anthro control officer
>Messing around at the station when I get a call about a group of wild uncollared anthros causing a disturbance at the city park
>Grab my equipment and drive off in my van
>When I get there, at first glance, there seems to be nothing out of the ordinary, families having picnics, people walking their anthro pets, the usual
>Then I see all the smashed and looted vending machines next to the visitor's center, along with the large rocks that were presumably used to break them open
>I grab my tranquilizer rifle and start searching for the thieves
>It's not hard to track them down as they left a trail of empty chip bags and discarded candy wrappers into the woods
>Eventually I stumble upon their hideout: a small cave hidden by some bushes; as well as the thieves themselves: 6 naked vixens taking turns drinking out of a stolen soda bottle in a clearing in front of the cave
>I sigh, shoulder my tranq rifle, and aim
>The anesthetics inside the darts work fast: the first 3 go down without even noticing they've been hit; the fourth fox reacts long enough to let out a little yip before passing out, causing the final two to scatter and run away before I can shoot them
>I enter the clearing and restrain the 4 unconscious foxes with zipties before heading out and looking for the remaining ones
>Fortunately, I don't have to look far: one ran into the cave to try to hide in the dark, while the other one is trying to stuff herself into a hollow tree log
>I shoot her in the buttocks and head into the cave with my flashlight on
>The last vixen is pathetically trying to hide herself behind some rocks
>I startle her with a quick boo, before grabbing her and jabbing her with a dart
>With all the entire gang taken care of, I drag them by the tails out of the forest and into my van, where I further restrain them before gagging and blindfolding them
>Back at the station, it's time for processing and filing reports
>Most of the strays will be sent to a rehabilitation facility where after they complete their training and conditioning, they will sent to an anthro shelter so they can be adopted by a (hopefully) loving human owner
>As for the 6th member, well, there are certain perks associated with being an anthro stray control officer
>I take her home with me at the end of the day, introducing her to her new sisters: an anthro orange cat as well a pitbull; they'll do a good job training her to please me whenever I'm home

>when the "strong alien warrior" is defeated by her first taste of human food
>thousands of hours honing her body into a weapon and keeping it like a temple
>now she's just another alien slampig whose highest aspirations is finding a nice human master to keep her pregnant and happy while she keeps his house clean while trying (and failing) to burn off the successive rounds of "baby fat"

>Have anthro wife
>Found sexier fuckmeat in public
>Turn her into my new waifur
>Divorce my previous wife and send her into some sci-fi storage facility, in case I want to use her again
>New wife is so much better in every factor, that I just forget about her

>Your proud, long dead ancestors were brought to extintion by humanity hundreds of thousands of years ago.
>Now, the descendants of those humans gave you new life in a form much more convenient and comfortable for them, just so you could serve them as a commodity, an exotic pet created for their own amusement and joy.
>There's no rebellion possible. The domination of your species is final and absolute.
>All that you can hope is that whatever modern human bought you on a whim to keep you as a slave will be merciful with you.

I want more stories where strong anthros become loyal to humans due to getting beaten by them one way or the other.
Maybe the human dominates them after the fact, or the anthro has a newfound respect and devotion for the human after he beats them.
The human can be physically less imposing than the anthro and beat them through some way or another, or just dominate tyhem physically.

>tfw accidentally domesticate a dozen deer after running them over with my F-150 and a BAC of 0.85

Human boys are well known for bullying girls at school for this reason, by the time he hits puberty, he will already have a small cadre of girls chomping at the bit to be part of his harem.

>Rat Girl leading a successful criminal gang with a strong monopoly on violence gets taken down by the authorities eventually once some of her own goons turn on her due to being too ruthless in punishing her own subordinates for their mistakes.
>Rats are overall considered not very smart but quite social Anthros good as servants, she's the complete opposite of the stereotype. She has a sharp mind but strong antisocial tendencies that pushed her into becoming a criminal mastermind to escape the slums she was born in.
>The evidence against her is insurmountable, but with an excellent personal lawyer that (to her own shame) is able to put her in a more simpathetic light using the stereotypes about rats and pushing a narrative of how she was forced into that lifestyle, she's able to a more lenient sentence.
>She's humiliatingly set for rehabilitation at the hands of a random human citizen, a coming practice in a paternalistic society that sees the misbehavior of certain Anthros as a failure of humans properly teaching them how to behave.
>The human set to rehabilitate her by orders of the court is a young man struggling to balance his exhausting fast food job his demanding college classes and his expenses, including his mounting college student debt, with an impeccable record.
>The kind of person she looks down on the most. Someone she considers to be either too stupid or too naive or passive to break away from societal norms and make his own way in the world like she did. Just another helpless sheep in the herd.

